Update state doc 34905 (#35209)
apache/beam: website/www/site/content/en/documentation/programming-guide.md

       | 'Set state pardo' >> beam.ParDo(OrderedListStateDoFn()))
{{< /highlight >}}

#### MultimapState {#multimap-state}
`MultimapState` allow one key mapped to different values but the key value could be unordered.

{{< highlight java >}}

  @StateId(stateId)
  private final StateSpec<MultimapState<String, Integer>> multimapState =

>       StateSpecs.multimap(StringUtf8Coder.of(), VarIntCoder.of());

Author: Good point, I will take care of this.

{{< code_sample "sdks/go/examples/snippets/04transforms.go" timer_output_timestamps_good >}}
{{< /highlight >}}

#### 11.3.5 Timer Callback Parameters {#timer-callback-parameters}
The following parameters are provided for the timer callback methods which could be used for debuging.

1. Window: This can provide the window object to access the window start and end time.

> 2. Timestamp: This can provide the timestamp of the element.

Reviewer: A timer is not necessarily associated with a single element, I think this is more accurate:

```suggestion
2. Timestamp: This can provide the timestamp at which the timer was set to fire.
```

Author: lol, I have added this functionality/parameter almost 6 years ago and forgot its details. I should have updated the documentation then.

3. Key: The key was associated with the element.

> {{< highlight py >}}

Author: Thank you @damccorm , I have incorporated these examples.
